Chnage nPM 1300 iBatLim High and Low values (#277)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-npm: Changelog.md

## 2.2.2 - Unreleased

### Changed

> -   IBatLim for nPM1300, high is now 1000 mA from 1370 mA and low is 200mA from
>     270 mA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Charging battery limit (I BAT LIM) for nPM1300. High is now set at 1000 mA (previously 1370 mA) and low is now set at 200 mA (previously
    270 mA).
```
I suspect the

### Fixed

> -   Issue where iChg would only allow even numbers when profiling a battery on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Issue where the charging current limit (I CHG) would only allow even numbers when profiling a battery on
```
